awake awake put on your strength o Zion
put on your beautiful garments Oh
Jerusalem the holy city for the
uncircumcised and the unclean shall no
longer come to you shake yourself from
the dust arise
sit down o Jerusalem loose yourself from
the bonds of your neck o captive
daughter of Zion for thus says the Lord
you have sold yourselves for nothing and
you shall be redeemed without money
my people went down at first into Egypt
to dwell there then the Assyrian
oppressed them without cause now
therefore what have I here that my
people are taken away for nothing those
who rule over them make them wail and my
name is blaspheme continually every day
therefore my people shall know my name
therefore they shall know in that day
that I am he who speaks behold
it is I how beautiful upon the mountains
are the feet of him who brings good news
who proclaims peace who brings glad
tidings of good things who proclaims
salvation who says to Zion your God
reigns your Watchmen shall lift up their
voices with their voices they shall sing
together for they shall see eye to eye
when the Lord brings back tsiyon break
forth into joy sing together you waste
places of Jerusalem for the Lord has
comforted his people he has redeemed
Jerusalem the Lord has made bare his
holy arm in the eyes of all the nations
and all the ends of the earth shall see
the salvation of our God depart depart
go out from there touch no unclean thing
go out from the midst of her be clean
you who bare the vessels of the Lord for
you shall not go out with haste nor go
by flight for the Lord will go before
you and the God of Israel will be your
rear guard behold my servant shall deal
prudently he shall be exalted and
extolled and be very high just as many
were astonished at you so his visit was
marred more than any man
and his form more than the sons of men
so shall he sprinkle many nations Kings
shall shut their mouths at him for what
had not been told them they shall see
and what they had not heard they shall
consider
[Music]